[Music]
my mind is flitting around in a million
directions going down rabbit holes and
my body is like hey we have something
important to do yeah that's beautiful
that's always the way it works right the
relationship with the self is reflected
in the relationship with the people
around us
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease I'm Brett Kistler
here today with my co-host Joe Hudson
foreign
okay so this is going to be a really
interesting episode we started the call
intending to dive into an episode on
attentional black holes or perhaps on
engineering our own heartbreak but I've
been having a rough week and we ended up
diving into what turned out to be a
session with Joe coaching me so
here it is Ron unfiltered and I hope you
like it
[Music]
so throughout my life I have this
pattern of
diving into something really really
deeply
and Hyper focusing on it and then it
starts to become a hyper Focus to the
exclusion of other things
and then ultimately to the avoidance of
other things
and then I build competence in the thing
that I'm getting hyper focused in until
I start to get a little bit complacent
and then that thing ends up crashing and
then I'm
like left seeing
the consequences of all the avoidance in
the rest of my life
and somehow this is usually ended up
happening in such a way that has left me
better off than I started over time but
it really just feels like extremely wild
swings
Big Ups big Downs can you give me an
example from like two years ago yeah an
example from a couple years ago was you
know like in 2017 I started getting had
been interested in but started seeing a
lot of people get interested in crypto
but cryptocurrencies and investing so
yes I started to see all kinds of
opportunity and I just became very
deeply interested in it and that seems
like a good thing being interested in
something that's new and exciting and
potentially you know world changing even
if it's such early stages that it might
not be world changing for years
but I like many other people
got really focused on
you know this this possible future and
kind of hanging my hopes on the
financial gain that I was imagining that
I was seeing in my like the numbers in
my financial accounts and also at the
same time starting to feel like they
were more important they became higher
priority to me than what was going on in
my life you know the the numbers in the
financial game became much bigger than
the numbers in my My Business Financial
game and also the excitement of it
became much bigger than my excitement
elsewhere and this has also occurred in
other areas like with with base jumping
just really getting into something
that's super deeply exciting and
enlivening for me or in a relationship
just getting fully swept up in it and
you know disappearing attentionally from
other areas of my life what makes you
say it disappearing intentionally no not
intentionally intentionally like my my
attention draws away from places that it
used to be right what would what would
make you just not say I was disappearing
into it what makes you give the caveat
of attentionally yeah I think I have a
little bit of a self-judgment around my
attention
throughout this process there's a part
of me that's that's like
no don't don't fully go here there's
other things you care about
and then there's a sort of a negative
feeling associated with not paying
attention to the things that I care
about
huh or finding that they care that I
care less than I did a moment ago about
them how does that tie into say
commitment
like what's your experience of
my experience of commitment has over the
course of my life been something that
starts with
generally starts in the same way as I
just described with a lot of fire and a
lot of
excitement
and then you know I'm I'm a very flowy
person like I kind of go from one thing
to another thing and I'm following some
thread that just cuts across all these
different areas of life
and so very commonly for me the thing
that I'm following shifts or changes
shape
and that doesn't mean that I'm not
interested in the thing that I was
interested in before but I start to feel
like
obligated not to change
like put myself into an obligation not
to change
in order to keep the commitment
I see so what's the difference between
what you're describing as far as going
down an attentional rabbit hole and
being committed to something well I mean
going down the intentional rabbit hole
is being committed to
the exploration of that rabbit hole yeah
and it also feels like a disowning of
other commitments and there's shame in
that
if you we were to ask let's say any
woman in your life
um over the last
20 years what would they say your
relationship to Commitment was that's a
really good question you'd have to ask
some of them
um if you had to guess maybe they even
said something to you at some point
yeah I mean they say they say various
things I would say that they say that I
am a deeply committed partner
and also
that I change yeah
and some something that they've said is
that like when when they're with me
you know they feel the commitment really
strongly and then
when when I'm not with them then they
feel the lack of it
right so this is the thing you're
pointing to it's like you get into
something
you're fully in it that's all you're
focused on
it's it's like a strong sense of an
immediate commitment
uh but then the things that you've
already started to some degree Fall by
the wayside and they don't you don't
feel the commitment towards them in the
same visceral way and they don't feel
the commitment from you during those
times of going deeply down the
attentional rabbit hole yeah which then
creates shame around that rabbit hole
itself okay so if you take the shame out
of it what's the problem with all this
I guess the the problem is that it just
feels unstable and that also looking
back through my life
the consequences of it have been just
these Wild oscillations
which is something that I actually
really enjoy I do really enjoy having a
life that just varies wildly from thing
to thing and I just go super deep
into a direction that and go go farther
than most people might go in that
direction to separate for me the
difference between
uh what you like about having a highly
varied and I'll call it intense life and
what you don't like about having a
highly varied and intense life yeah what
I like about it is that I learn a lot
and I collect a wealth of
different experiences
and I grow and what I don't like about
it is
there's these periodic
like tectonic shifts that I experience
as
painful where there's just a lot of
resistance and I go into a period of
perhaps months of
feeling disconnected but not noticing
how disconnected I'm feeling until all
of a sudden it just shows up and I
recognize how disconnected I've been
from from things that I actually do love
and how much I've actually narrowed into
a stressful relationship with a thing
that I'm focused on
okay so the thing is what I what I'm
hearing you say is that
you love going down these rabbit holes
and the fact that you learn and you grow
but somewhere down the rabbit hole it
moves from Passion to stress it moves
from Passion to obligation
and then in that
you start becoming so single-minded that
you forget to live a life that's
enjoyable through balance or through
some of your other commitments is that
what you're saying yeah absolutely and I
find myself unaware of you know basic
logistical things that
are important for
kind of keeping my life together right
and I'm just curious what if nobody ever
gave you [__] about that what if like
you did this and everybody was like oh
that's cool that's Brett being artistic
or that's Brett doing his thing that's
providing for the family whatever
everybody whenever you did all that
nobody guilted you or shamed you or said
you weren't there for me
how would your relationship with this
cycle change yeah interesting it's hard
to even imagine separating those things
because I believe
that by doing things this way leaves
people kind of left in the dark like
there's there's a way that I'm taking
responsibility for
other people depending on me and then me
going off in a New Direction so whether
whether or not they even shame me about
it or even
show hurt at me
there's a way that I just project it or
there's a way that I just take
responsibility that
that their experience of disappointment
or abandonment so I know your childhood
enough to be able to point to something
so I'm going to point directly which is
maybe I don't know well enough let's see
if I remember correctly how similar this
is you going down a different Rabbit
Hole than your family did on a religious
basis
yeah well I had not thought of it that
way but it does feel very much like that
yeah so stop talking about it for a
second just feel that
feel that place that you felt when you
diverted
from the rabbit hole that your family
was in and stayed in
around religion and you went looking
somewhere else
yeah I felt very much like I was letting
my mom down
yeah
and
the pain that she would feel about
my afterlife
was my fault yeah
and I
resisted that feeling but also still
bought into it there's also even like
other layers like throughout throughout
my religious upbringing there was times
that we changed churches and reasons
that might happen was because we or my
mom or I or like however it was would
diverge from the prevailing opinion in
you know the church or the group that we
were in
and that led to a lot of disconnection
from
friends and people that were really
important to me I'm seeing now ways that
I've recreated that my whole life too as
well as the obsession yeah right like
I would assume that at some point you
were obsessed with the religion or God
or whatever that relationship was as a
kid yeah I went deep and I was you know
the basis to my youth group band right
went on revivals yeah so
here this is repeating and if you if you
feel that feeling in your body of that
moment of recognition that you were
causing your mom pain or at least that's
the way it was told to you
that you were causing your mom pain for
not believing in this and that whole
feeling like where in your body does
that sit
there's a
there's just a like anxious tension in
my chest and in my arms yeah
and how similar is that feeling to the
feeling of
feeling like you have to do the thing
that you're in the rabbit hole with you
have to focus on cryptocurrency over
your
relationships you have to focus on Air
Sports over
like how similar are those two
physical feelings yeah it's the it's the
same physical feeling and it's
it feels like the thing that blocks me
from
you know sitting down and doing my taxes
or registering a car or
things that are very mundane like
I don't feel my body doesn't feel in a
mundane state to be doing them
it feels like I have to get up and go
jump off a cliff right right right so in
a weird way what happens is this natural
passion shows up
and then
as you start to relive the trauma maybe
it's happening maybe it's not of
disappointing people around you that
creates an anxiety in you that then
gets transferred probably both to them
which makes you want to not be around
them and to your work which makes you
get more hyper focused and
and stressed
is that what what we're concluding what
am I missing there if anything yeah that
sounds very right okay one way that I've
continued to recreate that is by
finding communities and going deep with
those communities as I travel the world
or whatever
and
sort of becoming a part of the community
but then also being like well you know
I'm kind of not going to be there I'm
only sort of partially in this community
but I've got all these other communities
or they've got this other thing that I'm
doing or I might just get up and go to
the Arctic for a month
and I won't be around so don't depend on
me too much right okay so how much of of
that commitment or lack thereof is based
on the fact that you also learned as a
young kid that you can't trust community
and so to some degree there's a way of
saying no we can't trust you because you
left the church but the other way of
thinking about as a kid is though
Community is stagnant and so it can't
meet me as I grow into my truth
right or that Community is like there's
another kind of mirror to that where I
see communities as
tending towards
homogeneous group think
and then I want to get away from that or
at least keep distance from it right
that relates to something else that's a
pattern for me is that I really love to
be a contrarian and feel very right when
I think everyone else is wrong about
something
right all of this early childhood
patterning yeah
yeah as if there's a right and a wrong
yeah yeah
right so today how does this whole thing
cause you pain from this perspective
from seeing it this way how does it all
cause your pain
one way it causes pain is that this this
anxious feeling in my body is
I guess avoiding that has made it
difficult for me to sit down and do
basic things
what's the anxiety avoiding
if you couldn't feel anxiety and you
couldn't stay busy what would you be
left to feel
over this situation where you're
changing and the loved ones around you
aren't meeting you
I'd have to feel
you know the Heartbreak of
that I change and that I'm not stable I
might be a different person tomorrow
than I am today and other people might
be different people they are tomorrow
and
that I might feel
abandonment or that they might feel
abandonment yeah and I don't remember if
we recorded the very very beginning of
this when we said hey let's press record
but you said
engineered heartbreak yeah so what would
be making you engineer heartbreak to
avoid heartbreak
I think there's a way that
this might be related to something that
I do or I put myself through difficult
things to prove that I can handle it
it almost seems like there's something
subconscious in me that does that with
this engineering of heartbreak
right so I know in other podcasts so
this is the coolest thing it's like
we've spoken about the thing that I'm
about to speak about like I think at
least three or four times in the podcast
alone and countless others but when
we're in it when we're in when we're
reliving that trauma it's so hard to see
it
but that whole idea of
we are creating the thing by the way in
which which we're avoiding it
it is the way in which we are avoiding
the emotional experience that we're
recreating in our life
it's the same thing that we've talked
about of the cell wants to get to
homeostasis it's like the body continues
to produce these Early Childhood
patterns until we can finally feel the
thing that we couldn't feel as a kid
yeah and a layer on that is that one of
the things that I feel is
shame around not feeling the thing
especially now that I intellectually
know all of this so well yeah my body
just feels
not fully up to date
on this so you're you're engineering
heartbreak that you then avoid yeah is
this is what you're saying yeah right
and then you get to feel heartbreak
slash shame for avoiding the thing that
you created to feel that you're not
using to feel it's almost like it's the
shame that I'm recreating
yeah it's almost like I've learned to be
actually very okay with heartbreak
itself but I'm not okay with shame
yeah it's beautiful
so what's wrong with shame
hmm I literally had a shame feeling your
system what what is the discomfort of
shame in your system
physically it feels like resisted fear
which feels like cowardice
and that's something that I've judged
myself for my whole life all that was in
your head in your body when you feel
shame what's uncomfortable
there's a numbing
numb is comfortable they even wrote a
song about it Comfortably Numb
I want to get under that numbing and see
what what I'm actually numbing out yeah
there's a feeling of like curling up in
a ball
there's a
slight sickness to my stomach yeah a
tightness in my chest
and
sort of an anticipation of
rejection or pain
and a hopelessness yeah so just feel all
that for a second
like allow all of that to be felt just
as it is don't you don't have to
manufacture anything you don't have to
try just as it is feel it how did you
know that I started manufacturing it
[Laughter]
I refuse to answer your intellectual
questions right now
yeah so notice what's happening notice
what's happening to the discomfort of
Shame
there's a
slight shaking in my stomach and
like midsection
[Music]
wait how much more comfortable or
uncomfortable is it becoming if you stay
with the shame it's becoming a little
bit more comfortable
but then
like my intellect comes in at me is like
and it's just like oh it's just because
you're about you're not feeling it
enough anymore you're avoiding it
right what happens if feeling it is all
that's required
what if it's just it's just like your
little kid that felt shame like when
your mom
told you you were responsible for her
emotions and that
her punishment for you going to hell was
somehow your responsibility like what
did that kid just need at that point I
don't even know that it's fair to say
that she told me that
I'm just a kid assuming it I mean she
was worried for your soul yeah
that was happening yeah which is love
okay exactly
but the point is what did you need then
What Would Have Made It
different for you better for you in that
moment
man I don't know
like it's hard to say that what I needed
was for my mom too
happily accept that she believed I was
going to hell
right how about just loving attention
how would that have been as a kid
yeah my
my diverging beliefs being
given loving attention
yeah or being given loving attention in
my in my beliefs
so what makes you think that giving
loving attention to your shame right now
is somehow not enough
but it would have been enough as a kid
I mean it feels this is interesting it
feels like
when I try to give my shame loving
attention it somehow misses
like the attention misses the shame in
some way the shame manages to wiggle out
from under the attention
yeah
Chase it around the room
I know that sounds weird but Chase it
around the room trying to give it love
like I'm gonna love you
you can't get away from me I'm gonna
love you
I can feel it there subtly
yeah
it's what kids do by the way
totally what kids do
if kids feel shame and you go to give
them love they just [__] hate it
no no no
like little ones they'll fight your
tooth and nail over it yeah it's like
hiding under the couch and peeking out
through the skirt yes that's right
that's right exactly
yeah when I when I try to do this on my
own
I immediately think I'm just not doing
it good enough or I'm not finding it or
that I must not be you know finding the
root of whatever my feeling is that's
the pattern
that's not the truth of it that's the
pattern
like literally like were you finding God
did you get to the root of it did you
feel like there wasn't like you weren't
quite getting the whole thing
like that's the relationship that
you were taught
to truth to love to
to feeling life
yeah you weren't quite getting it yeah
yeah that's what I feel with everything
yeah I was just not quite getting it
right
you're also not quite getting it as
compared to other people I mean I think
there's probably some some reality to
all of us not quite getting it right
because it'd be impossible
right but you're in your mind I've
noticed that it's it's you know it's
it's not like you're not quite getting
it like everybody's not quite getting it
it's like no you're you're special and
you're not quite getting it you know
what I'm saying yeah this feeling that
I'm special and I'm not quite getting it
right I'm special in my not getting it
especially in my not getting it but
there's also you know I was in you know
gifted classes in school but also I just
didn't do the homework
just somehow managed to barely be
scraping by in those classes and
everybody else
you know even people who seemingly
didn't get the material as much as I
felt I got the material
had their [__] together
in a way that just had them be doing the
thing doing the school not getting
talked to about
being behind
right you're like recreating this
pattern of
being not quite fitting into the social
fabric yeah
now you're in a social fabric full of a
whole bunch of people who are really
smart and
not motivated to follow all the rules
and have done a whole bunch of creative
things in our living
and you still feel like you're not a
part
but probably all of them do as well so
yeah
you're not alone even in that yeah
all right like a question that just
routinely comes up for me is how does
how does anybody
like continue to put themselves in a
position of working with or relying on
me
right that's the pattern
there's no truth to that
however you've done it you've shown up
in your business you've shown up here
you've shown up in your relationships
many of them for years and years
you can say that but like the paper you
know the data is different than what
your what your voice is telling you
right now
yeah and
that brings me back to the piece where
I can intellectually know a thing
intellectually know what I even
on some level want
and my body doesn't line up with it
and there's a feeling of Despair in that
yeah so prove your body's not lining up
that's the story prove it
your body's stressed when you're
ignoring your
knowing knowing the commitments that
feed you that nourish you
your body is aware of the shame
that's happening
you're like what how is your body not
participating fully here
so there's there's a way that I feel
that being true
and the more the more I get off track
the more avoidant I am of the things
that I care about the more stressed I
feel so there's a way that my body is
guiding me back towards
my truth in that way
yeah and yet there's something in my
body that's like if that's not happening
there must be some opposing Force
and what is that
and how is that my body being in
alignment if there's an opposing Force
pulling me away from what the rest of my
system seems to think is alignment I
think I'm a bit confused in the fact
that like it is opposing forces that
keep everything in Balance so what what
am I missing maybe there's one of the
opposing forces that's just
getting too much weight in the decision
prove it
so
[Laughter]
there's this idea that you're stuck on
maybe it's your mind that's the opposing
force that thinks that it like yeah like
there's this idea that you're stuck on
that somehow or another that your body
isn't with you
yeah maybe it is the inverse maybe it's
my mind that's not with me
in the moment of freeze what's offline
your body or your mind
huh
it's hard to say which but it does seem
like it's true that one of them was
offline
it feels like my like my mind is doing
the thing that I describe myself doing
to others to my body
like my mind is flitting around in a
million directions
going down rabbit holes
and my body's like hey we have something
important to do yeah that's beautiful
that's always the way it works right the
relationship with the self is reflected
in the relationship with the people
around us
[Music]
so right now it's like you it like I can
sense like a desire for resolution yeah
yeah there's a strong desire for
resolution which I'm recognizing is
wanting myself to change
hmm
and what's the resolution going to get
you
alignment Joy
accomplishment
connection and how is that not here
right now
um
stories in my head prevent me from
seeing it
I feel connected to you
I mean I feel I'm enjoying the
conversation
you know I feel like we should to do a
podcast and then we just like dove into
a session
that's what happened because I don't
have my [__] together enough to do the
podcast
foreign
but there's a tremendous amount of
connection and joy and Alignment in it
so what so what what's the problem
because my head said there's a thing I
was supposed to do
you know would it have been better than
this
I don't know we could have had a
really vague podcast discussion that I
felt like disconnected from and judge
myself for not being vulnerable in they
could have done that
right exactly
so since the resolution
isn't going to give you anything that
you already have what what is it that
you want the resolution for
to feel like it's done like a complete
like I did it
I got there
it's all better now
What If That Never Comes what if there
is no complete no done
no
Heaven I mean it would be boring if
everything was done I mean it even back
in the day right like the thing that you
dismissed is that there was a Finish
Line when you dismissed the religion
[Music]
and there was also a way that in the
religion I was really hanging like
holding on to this idea of a Finish Line
yeah that's right like I actually when I
was a kid
my logical brain was like well
I'm a Christian ideally I could just
kill myself right now and go straight to
heaven
why not do that
what if this is just
the rest of the letting go
of the story
like the Finish Line part of the story
is now gone
yeah the Finish Line part of the story
has continued to be there
all along yeah
like at any moment I'll arrive
what happens to your sense of self
if you deeply
accept that there is no Finish Line
there is no you're never done
I just feel
a lot more relaxed in my body now
there's a way that
doing work and
taking on challenges
doesn't feel like
the last final Sprint before the Finish
yeah
so I feel less pressure and so what's
what's left to do about this perceived
pattern
of abandoning your mom
through cryptocurrency and
Air Sports and
since you're never going to completely
resolve it
it's never going to be completely done
what's left to do I mean it feels okay
to follow rabbit holes
now I feel less shame around rabbit
holding yeah
I don't know any human who doesn't
rabbit hole
sometimes it's the post office for 33
years
[Laughter]
and I don't know any human who doesn't
do it
we are creatures of habit yeah and
that's an interesting one I consider
myself there's a way that I shame myself
for not being a creature of habit and I
see people having structured habits in
their lives that supports them
and creates consistency and I see myself
as not having that but you despite us
having regular you know podcast
recordings
um even outside of that you regularly go
down rabbit holes you regularly get
stressed out it regularly serves you by
getting you money and and knowledge and
wisdom and I regularly recreate
heartbreak but
crashing and burning in ways that
somehow I survive right exactly
regularly recreating the circumstances
for you to allow a deep heartbreak and
shame that's never been allowed before
yeah yeah
hmm
[Laughter]
yeah
I feel clear
I'm not having like squirmy shame
feelings popping up in my body and I'm
not not having running thoughts
about this
and there's a way that that feels
disorientingly
Serene yeah
that makes sense
like there's nothing to do
but that's in contrast to the previous
story of
there's always a million things I'm not
doing right
right where it gets even weirder is that
nothing to do
so much stuff
and there's there's a way right now
where like I I have your voice in my
head from another time of
you know being afraid something will go
away is the first way to make it go away
so I'm like don't be afraid this will go
away
that is being afraid that it would go
away yeah see I'm getting it wrong all
wrong
me too
laughs right yeah it's the fear that the
serenity could go away
like that's a possibility
like all we did was see what was we
didn't we didn't do anything like you
didn't become a different person all you
had to do was just see
what was actually happening and the
serenity came in well isn't that in some
way
the state that I was experiencing before
going away
yeah the difference is that there's not
a doing there's an undoing yeah right so
it's like
I did something and I need to keep it
it's very different than I and I undid
something and saw the truth oh I see
then what do you have to do to keep it
yeah there's a way that my
my way of trying to self-explore this
previously was like a stack of doing
things on top of doing things
to get myself to feel
whatever it was that was unfelt yeah and
that was just a
stack of layers pushing back and forth
on each other yeah they were all just in
the way of the truth of what you are
and I don't have to do that right thanks
exactly
exactly so I mean what's going to happen
next am I going to do my [__] taxes
or what if no I have no idea I don't
know
it's good I don't know what I'm gonna do
next either so it works out just fine
[Laughter]
foreign
yeah
so just notice that all the movement so
as you like feel the serenity as you
feel like oh this is just
myself uncovered
rather than something that I've created
that I need to keep
notice how much stuff is it's just kind
of automatic ways in which we cover
ourselves and they're just showing up
and that's the really cool part about
this process is that you can just start
to see
in in especially in these moments of
clarity you can start to see all the
ways
that you want to cover yourself up
so you just found one of them how do I
keep it that's one of the ways that you
try to cover yourself up and then you
just found the second one which is like
will I be able to get [__] done I have
to get [__] done yeah
think about mice or rats or beavers or
dogs it's like they never have to tell
themselves or be worried about getting
[__] done but they're always doing [__]
all you know if they're if they're not
sleeping they're doing something yeah
but none of them are building companies
and
promoting podcasts yeah well you're not
licking your balls so
and dogs are you know we're not on video
yeah
yes they're not doing as complicated
things they're not capable yet we we
think we would stop doing the things
that are interesting to us it's like
it's silly yeah I guess the most
complicated things I've done have been
things that have just sort of Fallen
together as I've been doing whatever
yeah they exactly even in the planning
that brings me to places that I couldn't
just wander to just noticed every one of
these things and they'll come with a
little visceral sensation with them
is this Sensei I'm making the noise of
the sensation right it's
like they'll come they'll each come with
that and that's kind of the habitual way
to cover ourselves up yeah there's like
a tensioning that comes with it yeah
exactly
so which is awesome they're going to
come and then you get to see them and
and and see through them and that's the
what have you just sat for the next
three weeks because I know you create a
life where you can do this like for the
next three weeks just watch them come
and see through them oh but Joe I create
a life where technically I could do this
but what I've actually been doing
is thinking about all the things I'm not
doing
ah
yeah just to say one other piece to it
which I think is important is there is a
nervous system piece to this which is
if you're operating under stress for an
extended period of time your body will
go into a physical depression and not be
motivated
so like that is that's natural right
like if a deer has
gets chased by a
tiger
for 20 days straight it's gonna
definitely need to like sit down and do
nothing for a bit hmm
you know there is a physical component
to it
yeah it's interesting there's this like
sitting down and doing nothing but being
stressed about it oh gosh requires that
release
and then the depression is like see I'm
doing nothing that's why I'm depressed I
gotta do something and then it Loops
back on itself
that's exactly how it works yeah
you see this with like big time CEOs and
when they sell their company it's like
bathrobe for two years
see it all the time
and then it's like yeah it'd be a
bathroom for three to six months if they
weren't telling themselves they should
be up and doing something all the time
but because they tell themselves they
have to be up and doing something all
the time it takes you know three times
as long to recover four times as long to
recover hmm
yeah
okay well enjoy the serenity yeah
yeah I'm just gonna take today to do
that yeah what a total pleasure yeah
thank you Joe thanks for a great time
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
[Music]